this one
it's the first game of it
season for design and so are the fans
dissolves en masse
although those fans don't know what to do
think of the coming season
sir but I ask 2 questions about it
what the coming season for antwerps
will bring with that hopefully brings one
traveling but I have no reason to
of course there hope for the best
via torfs supporter
I don't think it's normal anymore
the best hopes
their oh how such a separate wait is also
what is doing on the field and that
almost yields acid
fortunately chances row do not benefit the
home team tries why the sheet
to pull himself in but in the
in the first half it doesn't get any further than
some long shots
at half time it is therefore 0 0 after the
break is going to throw football higher
with the necessary risks
vansteenkiste I can find it on
cool only fall manifest on a penalty kick
for cells
stefan certifeye loose at 0 for the
visitors
that is the sign for antwerp with being
all to pull forward though it is
wait a few minutes before time
when joren dom takes the ball and
pretty inside stairs
a the discharge in the forest already
stadium is huge
it stays with that one a coach
Richard Bows call his boys with
one after the market together in the center circle
and he threw a heart among boys
Belt
Brussels
had
required
it was not like I thought because
in the preparation explanation the idea we
we are a little further but physical
we are considering it in there in the fall
at least what I want because you see it
so on the 211 that you still have an honor of it
who make an anchor and yes unfortunately it is
become 1st
qualitatively not yet today
not super clear but not super
but I think we do think 90
fought like lions and for minutes
and also received a reward
with tycho and yes also a reasonable one
meager rewards because only one
draw is very happy if